the game was played and therefore we are going
to talk about what there was
football because there was a
developed goal does not say by ulrich
and there were really many goals lanús
had come toned had thrashed Argentinian
of rosario but yesterday fell 5-1 and attention
that's the first goal of the game and it's
for lanús just that it started well
with hope the center and the header
crystal clear that rises and beats
without attenuating the goalkeeper Carlos Lopez 1
to 0 for light and upset there
for gymnastics people but two
minutes later the tie would come
mensana attention with this play goes
entering the forward obstruction
clear the infringement marks the referee of the
penal
the one who is going to hit him is a grade
referee argued
one by one up there there ran eight
minutes of the second time let's see it
again in grade
front
to the archer per well
in the middle of the arch one by one that was reborn
then the hope for gymnastics
fencing the silver
this play occurs at 22 minutes on
overflow
the center that he pretended to be and the archer
after the florence auction that the
drives towards his own arc there is
tried to throw a center he confessed the
same player from the dressing room 2 to 1 for
gymnastics same silver the joy of
flowers
Exaggerated joy good gymnastics
I needed to win but still more
and he was wearing ies pedra if he hits him
pears and and three to one there is the number
seven stones il
define as those who know barely
entering the area this happened at 27
minutes and 12 after 39 the own
pere was going to receive and would put the 4
some attention pay attention by entering
right also the archer on the road
and the 4 to 1
and to see it again really
entering perfectly enabled
pedraza
Dodge that man
also the goalkeeper peraza
and define putting the 4 to 1 up there
for gymnastics fencing the silver that
would be missing more would come the fifth who
I would storm
there this storm and a real
storm for light that lost 5 to 1
against gymnastics fencing the silver
and there the reiteration of the last goal the
of storm
goleada of the platense wolf